Docs only : Tidy up empty sections and pages (#921)
ACCESS-NRI/access-esm1.6-configs: documentation/docs/pages/index.md

# Home

Welcome to the documentation for the [ACCESS-ESM1.6 model configurations](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-ESM1.6-configs). This website contains information for running, modifying and understanding the ACCESS-ESM1.6 Earth System Model.

## ACCESS-ESM1.6 Documentation Overview

Key sections to look for are:

- Configurations: supported and updated collections of run-time configuration files to run the model
- Experiments: results of using a single configurations to simulate climate
- Infrastructure: details on modifying compiled model executables, and contributing changes to support configurations

## access-esm1.6-configs Overview
ACCESS-ESM1.6 configurations are provided via branches in the [access-esm1.6-configs](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-esm1.6-configs) GitHub repository. The [access-esm1.6-configs](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-esm1.6-configs) repository contains configurations using the following components:

- [MOM5](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/mom5) ocean model
- [CICE5](https://github.com/accESS-NRI/cice5) sea ice model
- [UM7](https://github.com/accESS-NRI/um7) atmosphere model

> - [CABLE](https://github.com/CABLE-LSM/CABLE) and Casa land surface models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CABLE](https://github.com/CABLE-LSM/CABLE) land surface model including CASA-CNP for the land biogeochemistry
```
